Final Project Proposal
CIS 115 – Introduction to Programming and Logic
Jonah Fullen

Introduction
In many cases, when you are purchasing tickets to an event there is an option to view a map of the venue in order to see exactly the position if the 
seats you are getting. It is most convenient when you are able to select your desired tickets straight from the map rather than having to reference 
the map and select the tickets from a list. For my project, I propose the development of a program that displays an interactive map of the venue to 
the user and allows them to select their desired seats directly from it. This would also make it easier for the venue owner/manager to keep track of
what tickets have been sold, and how many are left.

Objectives
•	To provide an easily understood application that allows for the user to select specific seating off of the map. 
•	Keep track of what seats/tickets have already been purchased as to not “double book” seats or over-crowd the general admission areas.
•	Provide an easy way for the venue to receive payment for the tickets.

Target Users
•	Entertainment Seekers – This venue may be hosting many different types of events; from music, to plays, to seminars. Anyone who would be interested
in attending the event would find this application very useful when they are purchasing their tickets. 

Value Proposition
This application would make ticket sales drastically easier for both the venue and the customer. Often, when customers are looking for tickets to 
purchase, it is much more appealing for them to know exactly where they will be sitting and to have an idea of what the venue looks like before they 
show up to an event. This application would provide that information to the customers as well as make ticket sales easier for the venue to keep track of. 

Application Features and Description
Opening screen is an interactive map displaying all of the tickets for the user to choose from. The user selects their desired tickets and hits the
“Checkout” button. The checkout page requires for the user to enter their personal information (name, phone number, email, etc.) to claim the tickets 
and also accepts payment. Once the user confirms and pays the application goes back to the map screen displaying the previously purchased tickets as
unavailable.

Tools and Resources
Visual Studios 2015
.NET Framework
Visual Basic
Layout of Venue
Ticket Prices

Challenge
I expect the biggest challenge in the development of this application to be getting the interactive map to do exactly what I envision it doing.
From displaying all of the available tickets to restricting the purchase of previously sold tickets. I also anticipate that the checkout process will 
likely be more complicated than I have originally thought. 
 

