Jonah Fullen
CIS 115
Healy
April 3, 2017

Venue Project Requirements Document

Description:
This program will be a design for a theatre/music venue to sell tickets to customers. It will include a map/layout of the venue (provided by the client)
where users are able to select the desired ticket(s). As the user is selecting their ticket(s) a working subtotal will be displayed. When the user has 
selected the desired ticket(s) they proceed to a separate checkout tab on which their selected ticket(s), subtotal, tax, and total will be displayed. 

Procedures/Requirements:
1.	The program should consist of at least two (2) tabs: one where the user selects the desired ticket(s), and a second that is a checkout window.
2.	Ticket selection tab:
a.	The seats should be color-coded based on price. (Low Price: $10.99 each, Mid Price: $15.99 each, High Price: $20.99 each)
b.	PIT tickets are in the Low price range. The Mid and High price tickets are reserved seats.
c.	When the user selects the PIT they should be prompted to enter a quantity. 
d.	The user should be able to select and deselect multiple seats.
e.	When a user selects a seat the back color is changed to red to show that it has been selected.
f.	A subtotal should be displayed and updated as the user selects and deselects tickets. 
g.	After one user has finished checking out: the program should reopen the ticket selection tab for another user to use with the taken seats marked 
    as unavailable. 
3.	Checkout tab:
a.	Should display what tickets the user has selected.
b.	Should allow the user to select a VIP package (As a Yes or No radio button) for an additional $20.99 per ticket.
c.	Should display the subtotal, tax, and total. (Sales tax should be 5%)
d.	Allow the user to “Confirm Tickets” and pay or “Go Back” to select different tickets. (Going back should still display the tickets the user has
    selected.)
e.	Confirming the tickets should reiterate the users selected tickets and display a “Next” button.
f.	The “Next” button should go to the new ticket selection tab as described above. 

Restrictions & Comments:
1.	The checkout tab should only be accessible if the user has selected at least one ticket.
2.	A user has selected and confirmed tickets, those tickets should not be available to later users. (They should be disabled) 
3.	Only a total of 100 PIT tickets are available.
4.	Seats A1-A20, B1-B20…E1-E20 are in the High Price range.
5.	Seats F1-F20, G1-G20…J1-J20 are in the Mid. Price range.
6.	The only way to switch between tabs are the “Checkout” and “Go Back” buttons. 
